hello guys today we make a video
a little different class
are you using your external hd or your
stick to be able to save their lives
save your study material or
any other type of file that you
want to save and it happens to you
your HD on the computer and he that
message asking you to format the disc
Good, I have good news do not
despair
there is a way to recover them
your files
It's good, you'll download the program
jetta jet data beckford on tv s
It's a problem that I'm going to make available.
download in the video description is
very easy installation and now I go
teach you how you can save your
Files to Always Retrieve Files
you can not open your hd you go
open the program will be the first
checked option will put ahead of it
will read all your traces of your
computer your own
computer may take a while
depending on the speed of the
size of your breasts drive will choose
here what drive to yours mine in case is the
hd is 109 32 gigas I will select it
I'm going to ask you to go ahead.
it will give an error message but it is
only you click yes to all and this is the
album
he will see this new screen only you
to advance a little more
good here he can give a take a
some time, right because he 's reading
all of your hd's or your
your flash drive and and as the hd is great
an archive it may take some time
to be able to read all files
Let's wait, he can also give a
an error message which means that the
message
from the moment that hd gave this
problem he did was an act he can
have broken some files and here the
problem says it will not be possible
handle the file
You give yes to everyone at the end of the day.
accounts 91% your files will be
recovered
Let's wait now, whenever we can.
and you can vote yes for everyone
A few minutes later, we'll see that the
files that were on our HD appear
here on the side
some of us are concerned that the
People know I was not in HD
numbering to insist on volumes an xoom
this space is not interested and I will
teach how to copy just click with
right-click copy
it will automatically give here the
desktop if it is ok gives
quickly copied your files to the
workspace
We 're going to check that all the
files here on the desktop
now you will do this with each folder
you want to recover your HD
after doing this to recover all the
folders you format hd it will return to
work normally
good thank you very much, I hope you
Likes like the dance lesson and
that you sign up for my channel